c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\bin\Debug\XGameScouter.exe.config
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\bin\Debug\XGameScouter.exe
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\bin\Debug\XGameScouter.pdb
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\XGameScouter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\XGameScouter_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\XGameScouter_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\XGameScouter.g.resources
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\XGameScouter.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\XGameScouter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\XGameScouter.exe
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\XGameScouter.pdb
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\Loading.g.cs
C:\Users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XGameScouter\XGameScouter\obj\Debug\Loading.baml
